This is why I told you to arrest Han-na!
Put Cheong-ya on the no-fly list
and put out an APB on her. Han-na, too.
Damn it.
We found this.
What is it?
What?
What on earth are they up to?
They'll never let
the ANSP director's daughter die.
The ANSP director's daughter?
What does that mean?
"They'll never let
the ANSP director's daughter die"?
No, it's nothing.
You damn wench.
Hey.
Are you still looking down on me?
There's no commie to save you in here.
Talk while I'm asking nicely.
Now.
The truth is…
Gosh,
the song's really great.
How holy.
Sir.
Wake up, sir!
The ANSP director's daughter is in here.
Why the hell are you not using
that amazing card?
What are you talking about?
The ANSP director's daughter is in here?
I mean,
you could use the daughter
and demand a bus or something.
Why are you not using her
to get out of here?
So who is it?
Who's the ANSP director's daughter?
No way, that's impossible.
Why would the ANSP director's daughter
live in a dorm?
Well, the hall director must know
if that's true.
What…
Well,
speak of the devil.
What?
What's going on?
Yeong-ro.
Your father is the ANSP director?
No.
Guys, that can't be true.
You know her father runs a rice cake shop.
-She gave out rice cakes, remember?
-Hey!
You be quiet.
I asked her. You better tell the truth.
Is your father the ANSP director?
It must be true.
The director's name is Eun Chang-su.
Yeong-ro's the only one in here
whose family name
is Eun.
No way.
Eun Yeong-ro.
Is it…
Is it really true?
Jeong-min, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to lie to you--
Did you tell us your parents ran
a rice cake shop to keep it from us?